[Music]
Hanukkah is Jewish like me is that why
you look different
what was that come again yes I look
funny you were see the shining gonna be
a great father gentleman is not last
Christmas together
Isaac sacrificing his own life this is
for you and Kris is just too
tears
dude I am such a fan Wow sorry I'm like
Justin all over I'm getting like jizzy
sorry no no no jizz all over me I like
that
it's gonna be the best night of our life
yeah it's your last Christmas together
for the baby come wild beer oh I
got the reefers you have one joint she
doesn't know that much about drugs the
proportions of this is all off no
no
have some more Chardonnay to wash down
my medication please of course thank you
you're dealing with some you can't
come to terms with got a great bud with
surprisingly accurate visions of the
future about to start who is that it's
our beautiful baby girl
what your you hear me young lady
it's okay sweetie you're under proper
look my fingers you need to give
me a hundred bucks and get the out
of my car right now
how up are you right now not that
kind of church